---
layout: episode
permalink: /stops/3/
type: stop
section_title: Leo & Michelle's Home
title: About the hosts
page_rank: 3
stop_id: 3
audio_file: 03-AboutTheHosts.mp3
hero_images:
 - path: 03-AboutTheHosts-01.JPG
   alt_text: A photo of us!
 - path: 03-AboutTheHosts-02.JPG
   alt_text:
---

This section has been narrated by Michael Sechooler.

## Michael

> Leo and Michelle first met during their formative years, at the Westmoor High College Preparatory School for regular children.

> Michelle's best friend, Zorine, had this to say about their relationship.

## Zorine

> One of the things I thought about Michelle and Leo from the beginning is that they
make each other laugh, which is really important when you're navigating through the awkward teenage years,
where everyone is trying to figure out how to be less awkward. The secret, I think, as they've figured
out, is to be weird together instead of trying to be normal, and that's how they've been since then,
just weird, but together!

## Michael

>The two would later go to community college together, then a long, 3.5 year long distance relationship as Michelle attended UC Davis, and Leo attended UCLA.

>After Leo graduated from UCLA, he obtained his first full time position at Walt Disney Imagineering. Michelle was asked to move to Los Angeles; Leo was so appreciative of her sacrifice, that he learned how to play guitar to form a special night on her arrival. Check out the guitar in the living room if you'd like to learn more.

>Not long after, the couple were married, and the Disney Company sent the two to Shanghai. The pictures you are seeing in this book detail their adventures in China, Japan, and California. Returning from Shanghai, the couple decided to settle in Los Angeles.
